it's time
imagine a substance with the power to
destroy humanity
imagine a creature insane enough to use
it
imagine a hero
the verge of creation rough flesh out to
steal you must visualize your cactus
from blood I go bleh
don't get cocky give a lot more to learn
from man to spawn Picabo we've harvested
the ultimate weapon it makes two your
ball virus look like a skin rash compact
of creature laces I say destroy the
cosmos ask questions later
who are you this is just what they want
you're playing their game - now play
dirty
you've been fired late it's girly bad
you should stay sharp the night is young
this summer evil has a new enemy justice
has a new weapon
as a new hero
spawn